Hello and Thank you for your resent order with at&t for the directv select package with high speed internet.
You must be eagerly awaiting for your service to be activated.
We want you to have everything need, first knew the installation experience, say you may began and join the directv select package
and high speed internet services right away.
Kindly note that your installation is schedule from May 20th 2016 between the hours of 9:00am and 11:00am.
Please ensure that the member of your household over the age of 18 	will be present at the time of your installation.
Our professional technician will perform a site evaluation to ensure that there are no obstructions that would prevent him from performing the installation required.
As a friendly reminder the actual installation work might extend beyond the schedule window of time and typically ranges anywhere 		from 2 to 5hours.
Should you need to reschedule the installation please contact us atleast 48 hours prior to your installation appointment.
Alternatively you may check your installation appointment time by logging into www.att.com.
Checking on the details or status of your order is quick and easy 	with our online order status tool at www.att.com/yoursorderstatus.
For additional information please log into the welcome center at www.att.com/welcomecenter.
Thank you for choosing AT&T.